mission "Hylinx First Contact (1)"
    invisible
    to complete
       never
    source
        attributes "hylinx space"
    on offer
        conversation "Hylinx First Contact Conversation"

conversation "Hylinx First Contact Conversation"
    `Minutes after entering this system, a nearby alien ship sends a transmission made up of binary pulses. Analyzing it, you see that it is a grayscale 256x256 image with lots of detail: 10 different plant species with 5 individuals for each, a long line of pixels made up of only 4 different shades of grey, images of many jewels, and a starmap that fits perfectly with your current record of this region. One of the systems is underlined.`
    choice
        `(Send a similar image of your own.)`
            goto your_image
        `(Do nothing.)`
            goto response
    label your_image
    `You send a image in the same general format, with 5 images of the human form, a starmap of the core systems of human space, and a sample of DNA. You don't know if they will understand it like you understood their image.`
    label response
    `The alien ship sends another image, this time more abstract. It appears to be about the relationships between objects. One part shows a wilted plant, water droplet, and a grown plant, with an abstract symbol between them. Another shows a spaceship, fire, and yet another symbol. There are many more parts like this.`
    `   The conversation continues, and after a few hours, you and the aliens seem to have developed a pidgin of images. But you don't know how to communicate further. It is clear that you will need the help of a diplomatic team.`
    decline

mission "Hylinx First Contact (2a) - Get a Republic diplomat team"
    "display name" "Get a diplomat or group of the Republic to talk to the Hylinx"
    description "If you want the Republic, go to Earth and request the Republic to send a diplomat team to communicate with the Hylinx"
    to offer
        has "Hylinx First Contact (1): offered"
    stopover "Earth"
    on stopover
        conversation "Hylinx trying to get a First Contact Team from the Republic"
    destination "Sawi"
    clearance "You don't know what to say to the Sawi authorities to let you land, so you tell your diplomats to handle it. Minutes later, they report that the authorities have granted you landing permission."

conversation "Hylinx trying to get a First Contact Team from the Republic"
    # Danforth could be useful here. I'll include him
    `Landing on Earth, you contact the Republic and inform them about the new aliens that you've found. They are skeptical. "How do we know this isn't a hoax?" the ambassador asks.`

mission "Hylinx First Contact (2b) - Get a Free Worlds diplomat team"
    "display name" "Get a diplomat or group of them Free Worlds to talk to the Hylinx"
    description "If you want the Free Worlds, go to Bourne and request the Free Worlds to send a diplomat team to communicate with the Hylinx"
    stopover "Bourne"
    to offer
        has "Hylinx First Contact (1): offered"
    on stopover
        conversation "Hylinx trying to get a First Contact Team from the Free Worlds"
    destination "Sawi"
    clearance "You don't know what to say to the Sawi authorities to let you land, so you tell your diplomats to handle it. Minutes later, they report that the authorities have granted you landing permission."

conversation "Hylinx trying to get a First Contact Team from the Free Worlds"
    label council_contact
        `You contact the Free Worlds council and inform them about the new aliens that you have found. Alondo is intrigued. "New aliens! How exciting." he says, "unfortunately, at the moment, I am occupied with matters closer to home. But we'll prepare a team of linguists and diplomats for you."`
        `   Hours pass, but soon, a group of five linguists in white suits arrives. They must be the linguists!`
